https://github.com/tork-a/adi_driver.git master
https://github.com/ros-perception/ar_track_alvar.git kinetic-devel
https://github.com/ros-drivers/audio_common.git master
https://github.com/ros-drivers/audio_common.git master
https://github.com/osrf/capabilities.git master
https://github.com/ros/common_tutorials.git indigo-devel
https://bitbucket.org/dataspeedinc/dataspeed_can default
https://bitbucket.org/DataspeedInc/dataspeed_pds default
https://bitbucket.org/DataspeedInc/dataspeed_pds default
https://bitbucket.org/DataspeedInc/dbw_fca_ros default
https://bitbucket.org/DataspeedInc/dbw_fca_ros default
https://github.com/ros/diagnostics.git indigo-devel
https://github.com/ROBOTIS-GIT/dynamixel-workbench.git melodic-devel
https://github.com/introlab/find-object.git melodic-devel
https://github.com/boschresearch/fmi_adapter.git master
https://github.com/ros-simulation/gazebo_ros_pkgs.git melodic-devel
https://github.com/ros/geometry_tutorials.git indigo-devel
https://github.com/swri-robotics/gps_umd.git master
https://github.com/ros-drivers/gscam.git master
https://github.com/ros-perception/image_pipeline.git indigo
https://github.com/ros-perception/image_pipeline.git indigo
https://github.com/ros-perception/imu_pipeline.git indigo-devel
https://github.com/ros-drivers/joystick_drivers.git master
https://github.com/ros-drivers/joystick_drivers.git master
https://github.com/jsk-ros-pkg/jsk_3rdparty.git master
https://github.com/jsk-ros-pkg/jsk_3rdparty.git master
https://github.com/jsk-ros-pkg/jsk_3rdparty.git master
https://github.com/jsk-ros-pkg/jsk_3rdparty.git master
https://github.com/jsk-ros-pkg/jsk_3rdparty.git master
https://github.com/jsk-ros-pkg/jsk_common.git master
https://github.com/jsk-ros-pkg/jsk_common.git master
https://github.com/jsk-ros-pkg/jsk_common.git master
https://github.com/jsk-ros-pkg/jsk_common.git master
https://github.com/jsk-ros-pkg/jsk_common.git master
https://github.com/jsk-ros-pkg/jsk_roseus.git master
https://github.com/ros-perception/laser_filters.git indigo-devel
https://github.com/swri-robotics/mapviz.git kinetic-devel
https://github.com/swri-robotics/marti_common.git master
https://github.com/swri-robotics/marti_common.git master
https://github.com/mavlink/mavros.git master
https://github.com/at-wat/mcl_3dl.git master
https://github.com/strands-project/mongodb_store.git kinetic-devel
https://github.com/mrpt-ros-pkg/mrpt_navigation.git master
https://github.com/mrpt-ros-pkg/mrpt_navigation.git master
https://github.com/mrpt-ros-pkg/mrpt_slam.git master
https://github.com/mrpt-ros-pkg/mrpt_slam.git master
https://github.com/mrpt-ros-pkg/mrpt_slam.git master
https://github.com/fkie/multimaster_fkie.git melodic-devel
https://github.com/ual-arm-ros-pkg/mvsim.git master
https://github.com/ros-planning/navigation.git melodic-devel
https://github.com/ros-planning/navigation.git melodic-devel
https://github.com/ros-planning/navigation_experimental.git melodic-devel
https://github.com/nerian-vision/nerian_stereo.git master
https://github.com/ros-drivers/novatel_span_driver.git master
https://github.com/OctoMap/octomap_mapping.git kinetic-devel
https://github.com/ros-perception/opencv_apps.git indigo
https://github.com/astuff/pacmod3.git master
https://github.com/wg-perception/people.git kinetic
https://github.com/wg-perception/people.git kinetic
https://bitbucket.org/AndyZe/pid.git master
https://github.com/PilzDE/pilz_industrial_motion.git kinetic-devel
https://github.com/pr2/pr2_apps.git kinetic-devel
https://github.com/pr2/pr2_apps.git kinetic-devel
https://github.com/pr2/pr2_mechanism.git kinetic-devel
https://github.com/pr2/pr2_power_drivers.git kinetic-devel
https://github.com/stonier/py_trees_ros.git release/0.5-melodic
https://bitbucket.org/qbrobotics/qbdevice-ros.git production-melodic
https://bitbucket.org/qbrobotics/qbdevice-ros.git production-melodic
https://github.com/locusrobotics/robot_navigation.git master
https://github.com/locusrobotics/robot_navigation.git master
https://github.com/locusrobotics/robot_navigation.git master
https://github.com/locusrobotics/robot_navigation.git master
https://github.com/ros/robot_state_publisher.git kinetic-devel
https://github.com/ros/ros_comm.git melodic-devel
https://github.com/ros-controls/ros_controllers.git melodic-devel
https://github.com/PickNikRobotics/ros_control_boilerplate.git melodic-devel
https://github.com/rospilot/rospilot.git melodic
https://github.com/ros-drivers/rosserial.git melodic-devel
https://github.com/ros/ros_tutorials.git melodic-devel
https://github.com/ros/ros_tutorials.git melodic-devel
https://github.com/ros-visualization/rqt_bag.git master
https://github.com/uos/sick_tim.git melodic
https://github.com/ros-perception/slam_karto.git melodic-devel
https://github.com/rst-tu-dortmund/teb_local_planner.git melodic-devel
https://github.com/ros-teleop/teleop_tools.git melodic-devel
https://github.com/ros-teleop/teleop_tools.git melodic-devel
https://github.com/ROBOTIS-GIT/turtlebot3_simulations.git melodic-devel
https://github.com/ROBOTIS-GIT/turtlebot3.git kinetic-devel
https://github.com/tuw-robotics/tuw_marker_detection.git melodic
https://github.com/ros-teleop/twist_mux.git melodic-devel
https://github.com/ros-drivers/urg_node.git indigo-devel
https://github.com/ros-drivers/usb_cam.git develop
https://github.com/ros-drivers/video_stream_opencv.git master
https://github.com/ros-drivers/velodyne.git master
https://github.com/leggedrobotics/xpp.git master
https://github.com/leggedrobotics/xpp.git master
https://github.com/yujinrobot/yujin_ocs.git kinetic
https://github.com/yujinrobot/yujin_ocs.git kinetic
https://github.com/yujinrobot/yujin_ocs.git kinetic
https://github.com/yujinrobot/yujin_ocs.git kinetic
https://github.com/yujinrobot/yujin_ocs.git kinetic
https://github.com/yujinrobot/yujin_ocs.git kinetic
